[ADD] mrp: production overview (#17934)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/manufacturing/reporting/production_overview.rst

===================
Production overview
===================

Odoo **Manufacturing** can display an overview of manufacturing order production to help monitor
ongoing and future manufacturing orders.

The :icon:`oi-view-kanban` :guilabel:`(Kanban)` view on the *Manufacturing Orders* page functions as
this production overview. Production managers can use it to filter and group manufacturing orders
according to their needs and to monitor the time remaining on each order to ensure production
remains on schedule.

Manufacturing Orders page
=========================

Navigate to :menuselection:`Manufacturing app --> Operations --> Manufacturing Orders`. The
*Manufacturing Orders* page opens.

Views
-----

The *Manufacturing Orders* page can be viewed in different ways:

> - :icon:`oi-view-list` :guilabel:`(List)`: Overview, look for, and edit manufacturing orders. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :icon:`oi-view-list` :guilabel:`(List)`: Overview, search, and edit manufacturing orders. This
```

  is the default view.
- :icon:`oi-view-kanban` :guilabel:`(Kanban)`: Move manufacturing orders across stages or display

>   manufacturing orders inside cards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :icon:`oi-view-kanban` :guilabel:`(Kanban)`: Move manufacturing orders across stages or display them inside cards.
```

- :icon:`fa-tasks` :guilabel:`(Gantt)`: Forecast and examine the overall progress of manufacturing
  orders. Manufacturing orders are represented by a bar under a time scale.
- :icon:`fa-calendar` :guilabel:`(Calendar)`: Overview and manage manufacturing orders inside a
  calendar.

Work in the Kanban view
-----------------------

> On the *Manufacturing Orders* page, click the :icon:`oi-view-kanban` :guilabel:`(Kanban)` icon.

Reviewer: May be worth adding a tip block about the "To Do" filter being there by default. When it is there, I only saw a single stage

Manufacturing orders display in card form. Each grouping of manufacturing orders lists the expected
time remaining to produce all the orders in the stage. The progress bar is visible above each stage,
displaying the percentage breakdown of every status type for all the cards within that stage. Each

> status type has an assigned color that appears within the bar.

Reviewer: Are the headings stages or date ranges? Becuase when I open an individual work order, it has the stages "Draft, Confirmed, Done", but in the kanban, the headings are all "W20 2026", etc.

materials, their statuses display in the card.

.. image:: production_overview/kanban-cards.png
   :alt: Manufacturing order cards on the Manufacturing Overview page.

By default, this view is grouped by weekly production. The orders can be grouped in several
different ways from the search bar:

- :guilabel:`Product`: Manufacturing orders are grouped by the products being produced.
- :guilabel:`Status`: Manufacturing orders are sorted by status (such as :guilabel:`Confirmed` or
  :guilabel:`Draft`).
- :guilabel:`Material Availability`: Manufacturing orders are grouped by component availability.
  Manufacturing orders with all components available are listed in the :guilabel:`Ready` column, and
  those awaiting component availability are listed in the :guilabel:`Waiting` column.
- :guilabel:`Date`: Group by :guilabel:`Year`, :guilabel:`Quarter`, :guilabel:`Month`,
  :guilabel:`Week`, or :guilabel:`Day`.
- :guilabel:`Deadline`: If deadlines are assigned to the manufacturing orders, they can be grouped
  by :guilabel:`Year`, :guilabel:`Quarter`, :guilabel:`Month`, :guilabel:`Week`, or :guilabel:`Day`.

> By default, this view is filtered by manufacturing orders in :guilabel:`To Do` status. The filters

Reviewer: Would move this up (can be in a tip block or on its own) :)

===================
Production overview
===================

Odoo **Manufacturing** can display an overview of manufacturing order production to help monitor
ongoing and future manufacturing orders.

The :icon:`oi-view-kanban` :guilabel:`(Kanban)` view on the *Manufacturing Orders* page functions as
this production overview. Production managers can use it to filter and group manufacturing orders
according to their needs and to monitor the time remaining on each order to ensure production
remains on schedule.

Manufacturing Orders page
=========================

Navigate to :menuselection:`Manufacturing app --> Operations --> Manufacturing Orders`. The
*Manufacturing Orders* page opens.

Views
-----

The *Manufacturing Orders* page can be viewed in different ways:

- :icon:`oi-view-list` :guilabel:`(List)`: Overview, search, and edit manufacturing orders. This
  is the default view.
- :icon:`oi-view-kanban` :guilabel:`(Kanban)`: Move manufacturing orders across stages or display
  them inside cards.
- :icon:`fa-tasks` :guilabel:`(Gantt)`: Forecast and examine the overall progress of manufacturing
  orders. Manufacturing orders are represented by a bar under a time scale.

> - :icon:`fa-calendar` :guilabel:`(Calendar)`: Overview and manage manufacturing orders inside a

Reviewer 2: I haven't seen "overview" used as a verb before. Did you just mean:

```suggestion
- :icon:`fa-calendar` :guilabel:`(Calendar)`: View and manage manufacturing orders inside a
```

  calendar.

Work in the Kanban view
-----------------------

On the *Manufacturing Orders* page, click the :icon:`oi-view-kanban` :guilabel:`(Kanban)` icon.

.. tip::
   By default, this view is filtered by manufacturing orders in :guilabel:`To Do` status. The
   filters can be changed from the search bar.

> Manufacturing orders display in card form. Each grouping of manufacturing orders lists the expected

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Manufacturing orders are displayed in card form. Each grouping of manufacturing orders lists the expected
```
? optional
